Fly deployment (#29)
wasp-lang/wasp-bot: README.md

### Deployment

The bot is deployed to [Fly](https://fly.io/). The `fly.toml` file contains the configuration for the deployment. The Fly deployoment uses the `Dockerfile` to build the image.

The bot is deployed automatically on every push to the `production` branch. You can also deploy with the Fly CLI by running `fly deploy`.

> The deployed bot has a persistent volume attached to it called `wasp_bot_storage` mounted at `/data` to keep the cache between deployments. We configured the `CACHE_FILE_PATH` environment variable to point to `/data/wasp-analytics-cached-events.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Fly.io server on which wasp-bot is deployed has a persistent volume attached to it called `wasp_bot_storage` mounted at `/data` dir, in order to persist the cached analytics events from Posthog between deployments.
Our Wasp-bot app provides the `CACHE_FILE_PATH` environment variable, which in this case we set to point to `/data/wasp-analytics-cached-events.json`.
```
